Add index database concurrency lauren (#1605)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> ### Changed

Reviewer: Should the header be "Added" instead?

Author: Yeah I could see that. I changed it.

> Limit concurrent Elasticsearch functions when doing an index from database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added a limit for concurrent Elasticsearch requests when doing an index from database operation
```
